Whenever you come in, just tell us where
you're from,
where you're watching from, and
how your weather was today. I don't
know.
Was it cold where you were?
It was cold here.
I thought the wind was blowing
harder. I haven't seen wind blow like
that in a while, coming off that
northern wind coming off the cold
front. I'm telling you, it blew
all the blossoms and all the things off
the trees, and you talk
about pollen in the
air—it
was thick.
Big time, man. Spring is wow when that
wind blows like that in March. Does
it
say it comes in like a lion?
Remember,
it comes in like a lion and something
like a lamb.
March—April's
like the lamb.
It's some kind of saying; I don't
remember,
but it's blowing like the wind.
All right, we'll start. Good evening,
family. Thank you for joining us.
We're going to go over some of the
things that are happening in the news
today that line up with some
of the things we believe the Lord has
shown
us.
Everything we say on this channel, we
give all glory to God. Everything
that we say in word and in deed, we give
all to the glory of God, and we're so
grateful for every single one of you.
I'll say this:
as we have grown and as we have seen the
hand of the Lord on this channel and
experienced
all the people that
have come from all over the world, I
believe we're changing things through
prayer. I look at our prayer group
as one of the most elite prayer groups
in the world, and it's exciting to be a
part of it. It's exciting to be in these
last days and that God would put his
hand on us and say, "Hey,
you must pray for the things that I'm
calling you to pray for."In doing
so, you will see change. You will see
things happen, and signs and wonders
will follow those that believe. I
believe that God has put some of the
greatest prayer warriors of this
generation on this channel, and I'm so
thankful that you would just yield to
the spirit of the Lord and come on so
quickly. We already have over 1,500
people here
in just a couple of minutes. We're
so excited that you're here and you're
excited about prayer. There are so many
people getting born again. I believe
last week Diana said altogether we had
well over 500 people get born again and
accept the Lord Jesus Christ on our
channel. That's amazing, you
all, that a little YouTube channel is
leading over 500 people a
week to the Lord. Some weeks are more,
some weeks are less, but on average 500.
But isn't it wonderful that so many
people are getting born again?
We get emails from people saying, 'Hey,
from all around the world, from all the
channels.'We
have seven different
channels in seven different
languages, and on those channels, people
are getting born again all over the
place—from
Japan to South Korea to Portugal,
the
Portuguese language in South America, to
Spanish community, France,
Germany,
and
Russia.
I forget them all; Braden has to do it
all. Korean, Chinese,
the
Philippines,
and
Vietnam—there's
a lot. So, we're so
thankful for every single one of you,
and I'm so excited that so many people
are giving their hearts to Jesus Christ.
Braden brought some news out, and he
wants to show some of the things that
he found today.
One thing that is really cool is
what the Lord showed us about Cuba.
The Lord's saying that great
darkness... every single
time
we prayed over Cuba, the
Lord kept saying, 'Watch Cuba. Watch
Cuba. Watch Cuba.'And so we see
what the Lord showed us clear back in
2023.
We've been watching Cuba
since 2023 because the Lord was going to
liberate the people of Cuba. Today,
all the major breaking news
was that the whole island of Cuba is
completely dark. Ten million people, and
the power grid over Cuba is completely
wiped out. Why?
I don't know. Interesting.
Praying over our troops,
praying over an invasion, praying
like what happened with Venezuela in the
middle of the night. The Lord kept
saying, 'Pray over the middle of the night.'So,
will you
see this? Braden has this
video. We're going to play it.
Braden,
do you want to play it?
You have this 'Watch Cuba
in the darkness'video. Go ahead, you
can play it all. I'm just
going to pray with him tonight, and then
you can do what you want to do, son.
Does it work?
Because you can't hear.
And breaking news into CNN: Cuba's
electrical grid has suffered a complete
and total collapse. This is according to
the country's power operator. It's the
first nationwide blackout since the US
effectively shut off the flow of oil to
Cuba.
Is that it? Yeah. Okay.
Is
this
what you want to see him
saying?
Yeah, go ahead.
I just want to see; I haven't
seen any of this. I think it's
interesting. When will the United
States do it?
I do believe I'll
have
the honor of
taking Cuba.
That'd be good. That's a big honor.
Taking Cuba in some form.
I mean, whether I
free it, take it, I think I could do
anything I want with it. You want to
know the truth? They are a very
weakened nation right now. They have
been
for a long time. They had very
violent leaders.
Castro was a very violent leader. His brother is
a very
violent
leader,
extremely violent.
That's how they governed; they governed
with violence. But a lot of people
would like to go back. Okay, one more
question.
Well,
that's
a big statement.
That's what we saw. I saw Marco Rubio
going into Cuba
and
bringing in stability, and I saw new
factories.
I saw our American-made cars going into
Cuba, and I saw hotels and beautiful
resorts coming. I saw their cigar
factories really starting to be huge
factories to produce cigars
throughout America. They started
really doing trade. There were a lot
of major things economically coming
to Cuba. I believe in the days ahead,
from
what the Lord has shown me, a great
revival is coming to Cuba. A major
harvest of souls is coming to Cuba. But
now we see these young people burning
down buildings.
Can you show that? Yeah, I'm showing it.
Okay. We see the young people burning
down buildings, and they are starting to
revolt against their government.
If you go back to every single thing
the Lord showed us about
backing a dog in a corner
concerning their leader, the
men
dressed in blue camo, and all the
things the Lord showed us about
our people using weapons
that have never been seen before
by
the human eye—that is all secret
stuff, secret technology,
and
technological advancements. The Lord
said, "I've blessed America with this to
liberate these people, to liberate
Cuba, to liberate Venezuela, and
to
liberate Mexico in the days
that
I said Mexico will be
further on down
the road."It looked like there was a
span, but it was a time that Claudia
will be removed
and that they will bring in a
conservative
leader who will be more godly
than her, who is run, I believe, by
the cartel.
And the Lord said He was going to
eliminate the cartel. We have
President Trump saying that he
liked Claudia. I think that
was interesting that he made that
statement, but
from
everything that I have seen,
I believe that she is a bad person.
So I don't know,
but we'll keep praying into that.
I want to show you this,.
Do you remember what I told you
about the Prince of Iran?
The Lord said his life was in
danger,
and the Lord spoke specifically about
his well-being.
He came on today, made a
huge announcement,
and was saying something. I don't
know; I didn't read the subtitles.
Braden was trying to show me that he
made a huge announcement today,
and so there was big news from him.
Okay.
I was hoping for that. I was doing the
school thing.
Go ahead, let's do the school
thing. Do you remember what I told
you when we were praying, that the Lord
showed me that they were building
military bases in the school and
underneath the school?
Then the Lord showed us... Go
ahead, play this one.
You keep bringing it up
there.
I'm
praying over the
intelligence.
Which ones are real and which ones
are not good?
Praying over the targets that are real
to find them. To find the
stockpiles—we
call those stockpiles out. We call those
hidden rooms out. We call the hidden
rooms over the
human shields, using human shields like
Hamas, like the hospitals. Using
hospitals as human shields underneath
the schools,
underneath the hospitals, underneath
these places,
using them as human shields. I see a
specific
children's school, like a playground with
a
children's school,
and underneath this school is a
military base like a
bunker.
It's as big as the school above.
It's underneath the soil of the
children's school.
Strategic leaders are there hiding.
One is underneath a mosque.
I see a mosque, a place of worship for
the Muslims,
and I see this facility is under
the mosque.
It's not deep
underneath this mosque either; it's like
the basement, it's that
close. It's inside of this mosque where
they go and worship.
Underneath this floor of
this mosque is a hideout
for these men
hiding, and there are tunnels
that lead out of this, going out
underneath the city.
A vast network of tunnels for tip-offs.
They'll hear you
coming before you're there now. They're
being very strategic about where
they're hiding these leaders.
Praying over
the
St. Patrick's Day parade tomorrow,
praying over the parades and praying
over the time.
I pray they just cancel stuff like
that.
Then we see this guy;
he is some kind of reporter.
Braden found he has a
reporting channel,
and he's talking about what's
happening with Iran right now because he
has family over there.
So play this little bit of clip right
here and see what they did today.
Israel and America changed their focus,
and this is what they did.
We know where they're going to
go. Where are they going to go? They're
going to go to the mosque.
They're going to go to the old
folks'homes.
They're going to go to the hospitals.
And the Lord said they would hide
themselves underneath these places
where
they felt safe, that Israel and America
would not strike.
He said they will hide in the mosque.
They will hide underneath the old
folks'homes,
like a retirement home,
or
they will hide in
a
facility
for
the elderly. This looked to me
like a facility for hospice,
where
people were not
able to take care of themselves well. It
looked to me when I saw this, people
were lying in beds
and it looked like some kind of place
you would go to die.
That's
the only way I can describe
this place that I saw in the spirit when
I was praying that night.
The Lord showed me even hospitals,
and they would build
strategic command centers in
these places to be able to hide
themselves so they don't
have airstrikes, because they would go,
'Look, America's hitting these
places,'but
they were hiding in there using them
as human shields. Thank God they
canceled school and this
guy—so
they actually, when they got this, they
took out a huge leader.
Did you show the leader that got taken
out? No, I didn't.
He was some kind of military general
taken out today.
And so
the Revolutionary Guard, whoever
this is, they're rising up with
arms. No, right here—this guy right
here. But play this a little bit here.
This is the man we must pray for. I
saw that he would be assassinated.
This man right here.
And he made a speech today talking about
how
they want to transition to the
Pahlavi
versus
what's going on right now with Iran. And
this is the man the Lord showed me
they would target, and eventually
that he would not make it,
and they would bring in a new evil
leader after him. I keep seeing his
face. The Lord said, 'Pray for
him.'So,
he's making big announcements today.
He's talking. So,
if anybody didn't see that, I guess you
could play a little bit of it.
Work behind the
scenes that his team are
doing.
So, you can stop it. I mean, I don't understand anything
he's
saying. The
letters are real small, but
this is what the Lord showed us. And he
said to pray over this man because I saw
him being shot and his life being
ended because
the
bad people
do not want a regime change in Iran.
So we have to pray for him because I
truly believe that he would be, in
my opinion, a better leader than what they've
had—a
leader that's not crazy.
He may be corrupt, but he is a lot
better than the people they have in
there. Then the big announcement today
that President Trump was laughing about
was the Ayatollah,
the new leader they've announced.
They say he's gay,
and President Trump in the
White House supposedly has videos they
are
showing. When they
announced and told him that the
man is
homosexual, he laughed about it
because it's against the Quran. It's
against the Islamic faith to be
homosexual, and they will actually put
you to death for
it.
President Trump was laughing
about it; it’s
a
priceless reaction that is all
over the news.
Number three, right?
Yes,
I
want to talk about
that.
I saw the
missiles hiding underneath the mountain
in the northeast. And the Lord said,
'Deep underneath the earth is
where they're keeping this one nuclear
thing.'I
saw the
scientists—I've gone
over this and
I keep seeing it. The Lord showed me
this thing that looked
like an atom bomb.
It was a megaton,
and they have one that's perfected;
they believe it will work.
I saw biological weapons and a major
base, all underneath
the mountain where they believe it's
impenetrable even by our
Tomahawks and
bunker busters. We see
a leak
from Fox News. Go ahead and
play this: 'U.S. intelligence believes Iran
moved its remaining uranium stockpile
to that mountain,
a deeply buried and nearly
impenetrable bunker
that lines up specifically with
everything the Lord has shown
us.'I
keep telling you all that I see
that it will take a ground troop
invasion.
I saw to pray over
Israel,
America,
and two British soldiers.
I don't know why it was two British
soldiers, but I saw these men
who
were
Special Ops,
and the Lord said, 'Pray over these
men.'It
goes with what the Lord showed
me concerning the uranium and
the
things they'll have to try to
get rid of, where they will have
to be hands-on.
I want you to play the video now and see
what this man says
about it: 'U.S. intelligence believes the Iranians squirreled away what's left of their uranium into what's known as Pickaxe Mountain, a nearly impenetrable bunker buried deep in granite, where scientists have been working around the clock cobbling back together a program
that was obliterated during Operation Midnight Hammer.'The bunker busters might not be able to do the trick. Reports say special forces might have to be inserted to physically shut it down on the ground. US intelligence believes the Iranians squirreled
it.
So, it goes with what the Lord showed
us.
What we see in the news
days later, weeks later, God shows us
before time. Isn't that wonderful that
he shows us what's coming? And the
troops—what
the Lord spoke—that was
specifically what I've been praying
over. I don't go into great detail
of the details that I have seen
concerning this
because you don't want people in harm's
way. But I'm going to tell you, I truly
believe that
we will eliminate these things, and we
need to pray for the safety of our
troops concerning the Abraham Lincoln,
concerning
the
George W. Bush, and concerning these things.
Now, what was the other video that I
told you all on January 1st?
Do you have it? Yes. Wait, you didn't find
it?
Okay.
I want you to put that
video on where I gave the word.
You don't have it anymore?
I thought you had it ready from
yesterday.
All right,
I'll just move on. It's fine.
Well, supposedly there's a lot of rumors
concerning Benjamin.
Now, they have him drinking a cup of
coffee. They have his fingers; that one
photo is AI with his wedding ring on.
The next one, a couple seconds later, his
wedding ring's gone. They have people
with masks on.
Through
all
these
different
X
photos and videos, they show each
thing that looks like it's been created
by AI. So they ask Grok, one of
the AIs, 'Is the video fake?'and Grok
reported back, 'It's fake.'So the videos
that are being shown by Benjamin
are
fake, up until what I believe was
maybe a really good fake tonight.
I said there have to be better
AI. This is the Israeli government;
they have technological advancements
like America
that have better AI than that. Because I
believe some of the fakeness we saw of
Joe Biden was on a green screen
and fake AI videos. Sometimes we
thought he was giving a speech and it
wasn't him; I believe it was AI. So
this is what the Lord showed us on
January 3rd. I gave this word,
and I say this all in my opinion;
I'm not trying to provoke any
government.
This is all what I believe I've seen, and
I plead the blood of Jesus. All right,
go ahead.
Next thing I believe will be another
attack that will be worse than October
7th on Israel. If you remember, I saw
Benjamin being taken out
and the Lord said, 'Pray,'because
I saw
Bennett coming back.
Now, what does that mean—that he will be
removed by vote because the election is
this year? Or does that mean because I
heard the word Mossad?
Now, I'm not a conspiracy theorist. I
tell you what I see by the spirit of God
when I pray.
But I saw Mossad removing this man. I
don't know what that means, but I
don't try to add to or take away from
it
because I'm on a live
YouTube channel,
but I know what it means. I'm not
going to sit there and tell you I don't.
I know what it means; I know what I
saw.
But I have to be careful
because they've tried to pull my feed three
times already these last couple of days.
And so I plead the Blood
tonight. I thank you, Lord, that you
protect my internet feed.
Regardless, I saw Benjamin being taken
out by his own government.
And so,
all these rumors and all these things
that we're seeing right now
aren't
lining
up with the video tonight,
and they're trying to say his
fingers are messed up again and it's not
him and all this stuff. I don't
know. I believe maybe the video
is
authentic. It looked authentic to me
what he said today versus all these fake
videos that are AI and coming out and
saying, "Oh, he's real. He's drinking in
a
coffee shop and he's talking and
he's doing all this stuff."And I'm
like, "That is obviously AI.
So, is he
okay?"You
know,
see his ring? It's gone there.
Did you show
him?
See, the ring is there.
The ring is gone; the ring is there now.
And nobody wears COVID masks anymore.
The
ring is gone. It's there now.
I just thought it was
interesting. There's just things that
people are pointing out saying, "Where's
Benjamin?
Where's he at? Where'd he
go?"And
I thought
maybe he's hiding out. Maybe
he's
fearful for his life. Maybe
all this is just conspiracy. I don't
know. But it goes with what I was trying
to tell you, the date and the things
they're trying to show you here. And
I just think some of this stuff's
interesting. Braden finds it for me and
goes, "Dad, look,"but when I told
you on January 3rd when I saw it in
the spirit that his life was in
danger.
And so,
I don't know.
I mean, it wasn't that
long ago when I told you all
that.
And then here he has disappeared and everybody's asking
where he's
at.
We don't know. So, I don't know.
Whatever.
Very, very interesting.
The other part is
the island in Iran, them talking
about annihilating the oil wells and the
oil stuff to really
break
Iran's economy in the days ahead.
And I thought it was interesting because
it
goes with what the Lord showed
us concerning Israel, concerning the
strait,
praying over the strait
because I saw gas prices going
nationwide. They shot up really high.
I saw gas wars all around the world.
People were so upset with Israel, upset
with Jews, and there was
antisemitism
that was widespread throughout the
world. People were very upset, and I saw
the Jewish people moving back home
out of great pressure.
So,
I would say
we've seen
75% of the word come to pass that the
Lord gave us that day, versus
there's still some to come. So, will we
see it all? I don't know. I
want
to say this to you:
I don't view myself as a prophet. I
watch all the elders that I
talk
to.
You're a watchman; you're seeing
what's coming and you're praying over
this. And in
doing so,
we're changing
things through prayer. Look at
what happened in New York.
This is absolutely ridiculous, but
whatever. Play this right
here. This is interesting.
If you've not seen this, you need
to see this.
This is what's happening in New York
in
the mayor's office:
they're having
Islamic prayer with the
Mayor
Mamdani,
whatever his name is.
And they're having a Ramadan meal.
Ramadan ends today,
right?
I believe Ramadan
ends
today.
Or tomorrow? Is it tomorrow,
Wednesday,
March 19th? So
Ramadan ends Thursday.
So we'll continue to pray over tomorrow.
I believe there's big parades for St.
Patrick's Day. I believe St. Patrick's
Day is tomorrow, and we'll pray over that
and we'll pray over our troop safety and
things like that tonight.
They're saying
that
China's moving
towards Taiwan more.
What did I tell you I saw concerning
Taiwan?
I saw China making a decision. I saw a
decision being finalized.
And I saw
them
strategically trying to do something
like we did to Venezuela over Taiwan. And
I saw it happen within three days.
Not within three days from now; they took
over all of Taiwan within a three-day period.
Their government just yielded and they
came in with their
weapons of mass destruction like we've
never seen before. It wasn't like a
long drawn-out thing, but as we
were preoccupied with Iran and Cuba,
they went after
Taiwan.
I saw a white quilt
with stripes on it,
and it was wrapped around the
Taiwan people
interceding for Taiwan. Supposedly,
Chinese warplanes are back and around
Taiwan as the world is distracted with
Iran.
This goes with
what the word of the Lord gave
us in prayer about a week or
two
ago.
I said it will be when they're
distracted, and they will do this. It
will be in the middle of the night,
and it will be suddenly.
Here's China
and North Korea.
I saw Lil Kim shooting
off all these rockets, and he popped off
a whole bunch of stuff saying that he
was going to
do stuff to South Korea. It's
a
distraction,
and this is going alongside
what we've been praying over.
We're seeing it in the news now.
What kind of missile is that?
This missile is
solid fuel, making it significantly
harder to detect and intercept.
That's interesting.
That's one of those big ones I
saw
underground,
but it was a black one. I saw a
black missile that was as long
as a
massive
city bus.
And so what is this about the oil? I
guarantee
there's not this
article. I'm just making sure
because
those guys look like they have foul
mouths.
Oh no, that's just a comment.
Sorry, I have to zoom
in. 'Oil industry warns US
President Trump, energy crisis will
likely
worsen,'Wall
Street
Journal.
So they're talking about it, and Johnny
Bravo had it on there, and he cue the
fire and all that, and
Braden
brought that
up
today. It is 'Into the Fire', talking about
everything about the economy and where
we are with the oil.
This is all really
interesting and fun to watch.
If you're bored,
there's always something new on
the internet. What is going on with the
signs of the times and the coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ? I hope this isn't boring;
I don't want to bore you all. I know
some of these things are
really interesting to us. We get excited
because
we know
we're looking up as our redemption
draws nigh. We believe
that we're seeing this all pan out. It's
all happening right in front of our
face. There
are
so many people who are not
watching.
As the Lord said,
there's a great shaking coming.
We see the islands and what
is
happening with Italy, and the
things the Lord is warning us about on a
day-to-day basis: to get your house
ready, get your affairs in order,
get
your
family on fire for Jesus, be serious
about the Lord Jesus, and sell out to the
Lord.
And as we see these things and the days
approaching,
don't become desensitized to your
surroundings.
Oh, it's just an average day.
What kind of craziness happened today?
No, this is not
normal
where we are right now.
I get excited about it because I'm so
excited that Jesus Christ is getting
ready to come.
It's our hope; it's our
blessed assurance. There
are
so many people that, like I said,
don't believe
He's coming. I hear the
emails. But Diana said, 'Brandon, there's so
many people going to argue about the
coming of the Lord that they don't
believe that He's coming for a long time
from
now.'And
I'm like, 'Well, that's fine.
That's on you.
If you don't want to believe He's
coming, don't believe He's coming. But
at least I'm here warning
you.'I'm
yelling from the top of
my lungs telling you—not now, I'm trying
to talk softly tonight because of the
microphone, we're trying something,
I'm not
screaming—but
the signs of the times of the coming
of the Lord Jesus Christ. There are so
many people who are not
actively even trying to win souls,
trying to bring people out of darkness.
I believe it's all hands on
deck warning the people.
Like the Lord said to us, 'I'm not
out of mercy;
I'm out of
time.'I'm
out of time, Brandon. He
has long patience for the harvest. The
harvester has long patience. And He
said, 'My patience, Brandon, the time is
up.
This dispensation of grace is coming to
an end.'I
asked,
'What does that really look
like?'as
I was listening to my friend
Billy Burke.
He had a meeting in Orlando this
weekend, and
on Sunday, he had an amazing
service. I'd say pull up
his archives; you can see the
healings and the power of God flowing
through Orlando. The
auditorium was packed out,
and
the people were
there with such expectation.
Flying in with TSA now, you can't
even get through security; it takes
you forever to get on a flight because
so many people have not been paid since
the first of the year.
These
people—it's
not a time I would want to get on a
plane,
I'll be real, if you've got people saying,
'I don't really care; I'm not getting
paid to be here anyway.
I know I'll probably get back pay whenever
they finally get the government
reopened.'But
there's really truly no
pressure for them to come to an
agreement or come to the table to open
our agencies for our flights.
We have
terrorists,
a foreign nation that was let in
by our past Joe Biden, I
believe, with hidden cells in our nation.
And it's a time where you would think
that we would not only
pay these employees that are
working for free. I don't know how many
people would show up, going on 30,
60,
90 days without pay. Whatever it
is, that is
a long time.
They
show up every single day and say,
"You know what? I want to scan people
all day long, deal with
the crowds and the public,
and make sure that the flights across
America are safe,
and not get a paycheck."And I've got kids
at home. I've got bills
and
the government doesn't care. So, I guess
I don't care. Shut the flights down.
But no, we're not upping security.
We're not bringing in more people to
make sure our people are safe because
we're at war with another nation right
now that keeps threatening to release
terror cells in our nation. We
keep praying over and
warning about what's
coming, and then they go, "Well, you
know, we're just not going to pay the
people to make sure that American
Airlines,
United, and Delta are all safe like
they
should
be."We
should hire more people
to scan the people and make sure we're
being extra thorough right now because
of what's going on with us
doing what we're doing to their
nation,
to their oil wells, to their schools, to
their people, and to their main
leaders.
Do not underestimate your enemy.
The Lord said that specifically even
concerning Cuba. Do not become arrogant.
Be humble
as we see
President Trump
cracking his whip and all these things
taking place. Don't become arrogant.
Be humble.
It's the hand of the Lord liberating His
people for a major revival that's about
to begin.
So that's what we're seeing. But it
just makes me
think:
you couldn't pay me
any amount of money to want to
get in a plane right now, fly
across America,
and put my family in there,
but there are people flying and I guess
they feel safe.
It's just a time right now to
be on high alert.
Easter's coming. The
Lord has told us to pray over
Passover, Easter,
and
all these major holidays
that are coming
so that we're all safe. And that's why
we're here tonight. We'll just go
ahead and take communion and pray. But I
just want to encourage you.
I'm not trying to be a fearmonger; I'm
trying to be realistic.
Our government needs to change.
We need to change a lot.
There's a lot of corruption. There are a
lot of stupid people running
our government right now
on both sides, quite frankly,
and you just think, "Come
on."As
a father, you
just think, are some of these people not
dealing with a full deck?
They don't care because they're flying their
private jets.
They're in their private
planes and they've got their
Gulfstreams and they're flying across
America because they really don't care
who's over there since they don't have to go
through baggage claim anyway.
They're
all safe.
But I guarantee you if they had to get
on a flight with their kids, maybe
they would think twice
about opening our government and paying
the employees that are working for free
for our nation,
which is ridiculous.
All right,
that's my rant.
Do y'all want to pray with me? Let's take
communion and pray.
If the Lord wants to show us something,
he will,
and we'll just keep giving all glory to
him. Thank you for being here.
Father, we just lift up the body before
you.
I thank you, Father.
We fear God, not man.
We apply the blood of Jesus
all around us.
We take this body in the name of Jesus
and we thank you, Lord,
that it's uninterrupted and unhindered
by any satanic or demonic force.
I apply the blood,
and Father, we take this body in the
name of Jesus and we thank you, Lord,
that
you took it all on the cross for
us. By your stripes we're healed.
We don't have to have sickness and
disease in our bodies. We don't have to
have
pains and discomfort and torment
because we know that Jesus, you took it
all for us.
And Father, what you bore in your body,
we need not bear in ours.
You took it.
Thank you, Lord,
that by your stripes
we're healed.
We take this body right now in
Jesus'name,
and we remember what you did for us
as we get ready for Easter soon
and celebrate Passover. We celebrate
these things ahead and we say,
'Father, we're looking forward to your
coming.
We're so grateful, Father, that we know
that the signs are all around us and
it's getting ready to
happen.'And
we take this body, God, and we
expect healing in us
as
the death angel passes over; there
are
things that cannot touch us or harm us
because of the body and the blood that
you shed for us.
Every drop, every
precious drop of your blood, you
redeemed us. And if it was just for one
drop,
you did it all for me.
You did it all for them,
and we're so grateful for it, Father, in
Jesus'name.
Amen and amen.
Lord,
we thank you for the blood.
We apply the blood and we make much of
the blood. The blood makes much of
us.
We apply the blood over this prayer time,
uninterrupted and unhindered over
my eyes that I see,
that I hear what the Spirit of the Lord
is calling me to hear tonight;
that a stranger's voice I will not
follow.
I apply the blood over my eyes. I apply
the blood of Jesus over anything
you show me, that there are no familiar
spirits or nothing that bothers me. I
hear you, Lord, and I will not follow a
stranger's voice. I thank you, Lord, for
the blood that covers me from
the top of my head to the soles of my
feet.
And I thank you, Father,
in
Jesus'name,
I apply the blood.
Amen. Amen.
The Lord wanted me to tell you when I did
this. He said, "Tell them what you saw
last night."Last night,
I went to the church
and I went to a prayer group
meeting.
And in this prayer, I saw a golden path
that looked like cobblestone golden
bricks that were laid out.
But at the end of this path,
I saw this massive demon.
And this demon
was completely blacked out like it was a
shadow.
And it was at the end of this path.
On the other side of
this demon was a glorious church, a
staircase. I saw all this beautiful
glory.
But the devil was trying to block the
people from getting to where they needed
to get through the glory.
On one side of them was war.
I saw great war in the East. I saw great
war on our East Coast. I saw
civil war,
trouble, great trouble
on his right,
which would be the West.
There was drought,
there was famine,
there was pestilence,
there was all kinds of... it looked like
the Dust Bowl was all on his right.
It was very dry.
It looked in the vision like it was very hot.
But as I looked down toward the ground,
there were babies
all around that were
trying to be aborted.
And the Lord said, "This is not physical
abortion. This is spiritual
people aborting their call, saying, 'I
don't want to do this
anymore,'and
falling away and not coming to the
church and not being a part of the
outpouring."Each
baby was wrapped in a beautiful
garment.
Each baby, the gifts and callings of
the Lord without repentance.
The gifts are there; God doesn't take
them
back away from you.
If you're talented and can sing and lead
worship, you can use those gifts and the
talents that he gives us
to be like Celine Dion or whoever and
use the gifts and the talents for the
world
or you can use them for him.
But he doesn't go well because when
you're born with a gift that can sing
like an Andrea Bocelli,
he doesn't say,
'I'm not going to allow you to
sing for the world and sing this; I want
you to only sing for the church.'He
is
a merciful God and he gives us
free
will—all
the gifts and the talents God gives
us—but
he doesn't beat you in the head
with it.
I saw each one of these babies.
They had stripes on their gowns.
They had beautiful colors; it looked
like silk.
It was beautiful, vibrant colors,
and they were each wrapped, and each one
had a gift.
But as offense
towards
churches,
as
people aborted themselves from being in
a congregation where they were meant
to be—and they left when God had
assigned you to be there,
God had assigned you to be at that place
and you said, 'I'm not going there
anymore'—you
are that
missing puzzle piece for that congregation. If God calls
you to a place and you say,
'I'm done. I'm out of here,'and you're
a baby,
you aborted yourself. You aborted
what you
could have
become.
A baby stays a baby if you
don't grow up.
And the babies were lying right there,
crying all around, and that
devil was blocking and causing havoc
on the road to glory so people would
be derailed.
Does this make sense, what I'm saying?
They would be derailed off of what God's
original assignment was for you to do.
God doesn't give you a second assignment
until you finish the first assignment.
Go back to what God originally told you
to do.
You say, 'Well, he hasn't told me to do
anything else,'because you haven't been
obedient with the first thing he told
you to do. Obey what he told you to do,
and you'll get
letter B. It's like A, B, C, D; but
you can't go from A to B to C to D until
you've been obedient with A.
There's an order
all the way to
XYZ.
The alphabet is
the way it is,
but it's just an illustration.
Mathematics would probably be better to do it
like that.
You have to
learn addition, subtraction,
multiplication,
and
division to get
to algebra.
You don't just start
algebra until you learn the basics of
everything else. The point is that
people think, 'Why am I still dwarfed in
my belief? Why am I still dwarfed in my
faith? Why have I not grown
up?'Because
a plant does not grow
well
unless it's in the soil God planted you
in. I cannot put a palm tree in
Nebraska
because God didn't design a palm tree to
grow in Colorado
or Nebraska. He designed it to be in
Miami,
Florida,
or
wherever.
Do you understand? I cannot expect a
beautiful
evergreen cedar tree
to grow on the beach.
It doesn't work that way.
And so God
has a specific place for you to be
so that you grow your fruit
and you grow your tree. your life,
your spiritual life, and I put you in this
place. But you are a baby, and a baby
doesn't
know where it's supposed to be.
A baby just needs to yield.
I just go, "It's okay, honey. I'll
help you."And he's gracious and
merciful.
But as I saw all these babies at the
feet,
the
devil was laughing about it
because
he felt like he had the upper
hand.
"See, I've blocked them from getting to
where they're supposed to
be."He
was doing everything he could.
As I was praying
from the throne,
I saw a shaft of light pierce that
demonic spirit that looked almost
like a bullet wound.
And the glory of the Lord started to
penetrate that demonic spirit, and it
started to spread.
The light started to disintegrate
the center of this demonic being's
chest
by prayer,
by the warriors,
and all of a sudden
that demonic spirit started to weaken.
And the dark form of great black, which
was—here's
a color chart. Braden always was
using this. This dark color,
it was as black as molasses, the
darkest
black you could see, became a little
gray,
then
became a little grayer, and his skin,
whatever you want to call it, started to
be see-through.
The babies that were on the ground
started going back to where they were
supposed to go.
And I saw an adding of a supply
of unoffended, repentant Christians that
said, "I sell out to the Lord. I'm
sorry I missed
it,"and
got back on the right path to go to
the glory.
And they put themselves where God had
originally put them.
They went back to where they were
supposed to be. And they dealt with the
offense. They dealt with the hurt. They
dealt with the ego. They dealt with the
pride. And they said, "Father, I yield
to you. I'm going back to what you
called me to do.
Not my will, but yours be
done."Because
the willing and obedient will
eat the good of the land.
You say, "I don't understand why
I'm not eating the good of the land,
Brandon.
Why are my finances struggling so bad?
Why is all this?"Because you weren't willing
and you weren't obedient to what God had
told you to do.
Go back to what God has told you to do.
You say, "Well, I have all this. I felt
like I was always called to the ministry.
I felt like I was called to women's
ministry. I felt like I was going to do
this, and I never saw
the
full manifestation of it because you
derailed yourself because you didn't
stay on what God had told you to
do."Go
back to the ABCs and 123s to learn to
get to algebra.
"Well, I'm big enough. I don't need all
that."No,
no, no. If you don't know
your addition and your multiplication
and all this, you'll never understand
algebra. I don't care. "Well, you know
what? I think I can solve
it."You're
never going to solve it.
You're never going to solve algebra.
You have to go back to what God had
called you to do.
Don't dwarf your roots. A tree that's
planted in the wrong soil and plucked up
so many times
never develops like it should. The
taproot
goes down deep.
And if you keep messing and pulling the
taproot and doing all the things,
you'll never become what God originally
told you you would be
because you haven't been obedient with
what he asked you to do in the first
place.
And as I saw that devil start to
disintegrate through prayer and
intercession,
I saw his parting of it. But I saw
what was a blinder on those babies
start going and bringing the babies
back.
And it goes with what the Lord said, "Be
patient with my babies,
for you were once a baby.
Be patient with the ones that are coming
in, for you were once a
baby."There
was more to the vision. It was
about some things the Lord was showing
me privately. I won't bring all that
because
you'll say I'm bragging.
But the Lord said to me
specifically some things directly to
Diana and I in that. And it was
really encouraging.
But I want to say to you,
don't be
offended. Go back to, like I told you, the
Bait of
Satan.
The devil will use all these things
against you to derail what God has
called you to do because of your flesh.
I'm just trying to help.
And as I saw that,
I saw
churches starting to explode
because people say, "I'm not going back.
I'll just watch online.
I'm going to do this. They did this to
me. I'm upset; I'm not ever going to
step foot back into a church
again."Bunch
of hypocrites. I'm
telling you, we're all saved by grace. We
all have something we're overcoming. There
isn't
one of us better than the
other.
I don't care who you are.
You could be the
one that would be closest to
Peter walking on the water.
But you still have issues because Peter
denied him. I want you to understand
that all of us have sinned and fallen
short of the
glory—all
of us,
even Peter.
And Peter was awesome,
obviously.
I mean, seriously, he was walking on the
water.
I mean, he was cool.
I want to be cool; I
want to be buddies with him. Well, let's watch
him walk on the water, you know?
But the same man denied him,
and
Jesus forgave him.
So even
on our best day,
you know,
we're all just sick sinners saved by
grace.
Thank God for his blood, ladies and
gentlemen. But I'm trying to tell you,
there's coming a revival. There's coming
a shaking. And you bring a piece to that
church. You bring a piece to where you
were supposed to be that nobody else is
going to fulfill because he assigned you
to be there.
He may bring somebody else along that
has something similar, maybe
because you might be that
hard-headed. But the bottom line is that
you have what it takes. You have that
gift. You have that puzzle piece.
And that puzzle piece, you were made to
fit that perfect puzzle.
Because of you, you make a whole
picture.
And they go, 'You know what? Without
that centerpiece, that whole thing would
have been messed up. But thank God you
came
back.'So
I just encourage you: seek your heart
and where God wants you today.
Ask the Father, 'Forgive me. Help
me.'If
I need to go
back and make things right, if I need to
do this, Father, search me
and know me. It may be that
God moved you on. Maybe, I don't
know.
But always inquire of the Lord. There
have
been a lot of big decisions that
I've had to make in the last 48 hours.
And the major thing that Diana, my
wife, always said to me:
'Brandon, have you inquired of the Lord?
Have you sat and made the decisions
based on
him or out of just what you think or
fear?'Did
you inquire of the Lord?
Did you fast and pray before you
make major decisions today? And I
say,
'Yeah, I need
to.'So
I did today. I did Sunday. I
prayed.
And so it's amazing when you take that
time.
And there was this dear sister—and I'm
not promoting her channel because I don't
know what else she said—but the Lord
said, 'I want you to go and listen to
this lady.'She
was a witch
and she got born again,
and her channel was about hexes and
vexes,
talking about the occult coming against
Christians and the symptoms and
things like that. And she said, "I
got born again. I was in the occult, and
she was talking about the blood of Jesus
and all these things, but I'm very
cautious of what I'm listening to.
I filter it a lot because I'm
like, 'Okay, but why did you point this
out to me?'And there's so many things
that this lady said that helped.
And I sat there and I went, 'Okay,
you realize what's coming against you
over the course of
the
days,'and
you go, 'This is not normal, the
things that are happening,'and then you
realize who you are in Christ.
Always keep yourself polished, always
keep yourself full.
Be filled with and controlled by the Holy
Ghost.
So I hope that helped you. That was a
little bit extra, but the
Lord said to share it,
and that's what I saw last night.
And I'm so thankful that he talks to me
and leads me,
telling the people, 'Get ready.
A great revival is right at hand.
And it's time for people to grow up.
Don't be babies anymore.
Yeah, people offend you. Yeah, people
talk trash about you, especially
me—run
you down, run your family down, run
all kinds of things down. But when
all there is to do is stand, stand
therefore.
They can accuse you. They can throw
rocks at you. They can do all these
things to you. But the bottom line
is that the Lord said, 'Fear me, not them.
You'll stand before me and give
account to everything I've asked you to
do, Brandon.
Don't worry about how many rocks
they throw at you.
To be absent from the body is to be
present with the Lord.'Brandon, they're
always going to
hate you. They're
going to hate you for my sake. Do you
understand?
You don't wrestle
against flesh and blood. You wrestle
against the principalities and the powers
and the spiritual wickedness in
high places. You're not wrestling
against the people coming against you.
It's the devil that's inside of them
persecuting you. And they go, 'Well,
we're doing it all for the cause of
Christ.'No.
The
Pharisees did. They persecuted Jesus,
too.
But I look at
when people persecute you the most,
you've touched a nerve when it comes to
praying for the things you're praying
for, especially online—praying for our
president and lifting him up on a
day-to-day basis that he finishes
this war and he liberates the people
of Cuba. And you're lifting him up on
your shoulders and you're carrying him
across the threshold of the
end zone.
He can't do it on his own.
And that was the Lord telling me. He
said, 'Brandon, you must help.'"You must
intercede for this man.
Pray for the churches of America.
Pray for midterms.
Benny
Johnson had a video. I
commented
it's going to
take a miracle to win the
Senate.
Do you understand? I truly believe in my
heart, from everything I keep seeing, we
will lose the Senate and keep the House.
But we need both,
and we need to get that bill
passed. What is it? The Voting
Bill Act,
the
Save America Act.
Why are we not voting on this?
What's wrong with you? Pam
Bondi.
They're talking about Pam
Bondi
losing her job. We're going to
replace her because... I told
you she had a bounty on her head for
$50,000.
I saw it.
The Lord said her life is in danger.
And I'm sure they've gotten to her, saying,
'You either shut up and don't do
these things, or we're going to make sure
you are swimming with the
fishes.'Do
you understand? So now Trump's saying
that he's going to remove her and
put some brown-headed girl in there,
is what the rumors I'm hearing.
Well, maybe he should.
If she hasn't got a backbone like a
crowbar anymore, put somebody who will
prosecute and do the things that need to
be done for America. We need that Save
America Act done this week.
We need it right now.
What are we waiting on?
Voter ID and the things that they're
saying that we need to be able to even
vote. If you can't get a job without
this stuff or whatever, how are you
voting?
The mail-in ballots, all that stuff.
I say get rid of it all.
I pray they pass the Save America Act as
soon as possible, especially for
midterms.
So, we'll see.
We'll keep praying for this nation.
That's where we are. So,
now we'll pray. To all 7,200 of
you, welcome. Welcome. Thank you for
joining us. All right. Let's pray.
Father, we just thank you, Father, for
this beautiful nation.
We thank you, Father, for all the babies,
the ones that... I
don't want to necessarily say they're
aborted,
but they refuse to be parented, I guess, is what I want to say. They refuse
to grow up out of the milk of the
word and grow up spiritually.
They've dwarfed their roots. They've
sat
on the sidelines. They don't want to, but
they're so important to
your kingdom.
You've called them for such a time as
this.
And I call the wayward people.
I call the wayward Christians that have
backslidden out of offense, that they
have walked away from their faith.
They've walked away from what
God you've called them to do because of
the root of bitterness, the root of
rejection, the root of all this
nonsense that the enemy tries to throw
at us. I thank you, Father, right now in
the name of Jesus for every person who's
supposed to be there and say, "Well, I'm
just watching online. I don't
need."Father,
they don't realize how much
they're needed in this
hour. It's all hands on deck;
you already said the harvest is
plentiful and the laborers are few.
Lord, help them understand how important
their gift, their call,
and
the mantle that you've placed on
them to be pastors, teachers,
evangelists,
to help out with the
parking lot, to help out with ushering,
to help out with the nursery, to help
out with all the things—the bookstore
or
whatever. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that you're bringing every single person
back to church, that you're shaking the
dust off. They're saying, "Hey, I'm
coming back to church today,"similar to
what happened at 9/11.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
that the wayward people
that are bound by offense
are
coming back to the heart of the
Father today.
They deal with that offense, that
root of bitterness,
and they unclog their pipe of all
the things that have been clogging it.
And in doing so, they'll hear you like
they've never heard you before. They
will flow with the presence of the Lord
like they've never flowed
with the presence of the Lord before.
Because God,
it's not my will, but yours be done.
Whatever it takes, Father, to flow in
the gift and the calling of God on my
life. I yield to the anointing of the
Holy Spirit. We yield to the anointing
of the prophetic. We yield to the
anointing of healing and demonstrations
and
manifestations, and see
the glory. We yield to the watchman
anointing to see what's coming. We yield
to deliverance ministry. We yield to the
things that you've called us to do. And
we will not run from it; we run to you.
And we know, Father, that the
gifts and the callings of God are
without repentance. And you're not up
there beating us with a rod. You're up
there saying, "Welcome home.
Welcome home, son.
Welcome home, daughter.
I've waited on
you."Father,
I thank you, Lord, that
you're an ever-present
help in a time of need.
You're not up there mad at us.
You're not up there saying, "Well, you
know, you good for nothing. You should
have done it a long time ago.
I've been looking at my
watch."You're
up there saying, "Oh, but I knew
you would come
home."Ye
who are weary,
come home,
softly
and
tenderly,
Jesus. Do you have the words to that?
All ye lost sinners, come
home.
Come home,
come home.
Ye who are weary, come home.
Softly
and
tenderly,
Jesus
is
calling—calling
for you and for me.
Patiently
Jesus is waiting
and watching,
watching for you and for me.
Come home,
come home,
ye
who are weary. Come home
earnestly,
tenderly.
Jesus
is calling,
calling.
Oh sinners,
come home.
Come home.
Come
home.
Ye who are weary
come home.
That's it.
Earnestly,
tenderly,
Jesus
is calling,
calling,
oh sinners,
come home.
Patiently
Jesus is waiting
and watching,
watching for you and for me.
Come home.
Come
home.
Ye who are weary come home,
earnestly,
tenderly
Jesus
is calling.
Oh ye lost sinners, come home.
Time is now fleeting.
The
moments
are
passing for you and for me.
Shadows
are gathering.
Deathbeds
are coming
for you and for me.
For the wonderful love he has
promised.
He's promised
for you and for me.
Though we have sinned, he has
mercy,
mercy
pardoned.
I have to go down, son. I can't see
that.
It was that
one right there. Pardon for you and
for me. It was the last verse.
Verse four. I've never got that far down
before. I never know the verses.
Thank you, Father. Thank
you,
Father.
Ye
who are weary
come home.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for
the old songs.
Father, I thank you for the songs
that mean something. You
can feel it. It's time
to come home.
It's time to come home.
Stop running
and run to Jesus.
It's time to come home.
Softly,
tenderly,
Jesus is calling,
calling for you and for me.
Patiently
Jesus is waiting
and watching,
watching for you and for me.
Come home.
Ye
who are weary come home,
earnestly,
tenderly
Jesus is calling,
calling, oh sinner,
come home.
I thank you, Father.
It's time to come home.
Stop running.
There's so many of you that are here
tonight and you've been running
and earnestly
Jesus is watching.
He's waiting.
He's waiting for you and for me.
He's waiting for me.
There's so many times I run.
I said, "I can't do this no
more."And
he's always there. And I said, "Lord,
forgive me.
I've gotten out of step with you. I've
gotten out of sync with you.
I let the cares of the world, the hatred
of people shake me,
forgive
me."Softly.
Isn't Jesus wonderful, Braden?
That
he deals with all our baggage.
He doesn't have to,
but he's patient
with long patience. Softly and
tenderly. Jesus is calling.
Calling for you and for me.
Patiently
Jesus is waiting
and watching,
watching for you and for me.
Come home.
Ye
who are weary come home
earnestly, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, that you're here.
Thank you, Lord, that you're calling
every single one of them.
But,
Father, tonight,
you've not given up on any of them.
No matter how far they ran, no matter
how far they've went,
all we have to do is just pick
ourselves
back up again and say, "Jesus, forgive
us.
Help us.
We can't do this without
you."We're
so grateful, Father.
We're so grateful, Father,
that you died for us.
While we were yet sinners,
Christ died for me.
He paid the price for me.
Thank you, Father.
I have to ask you even tonight. It's so
important.
Do you know Jesus? There
are
so many of you that
don't.
And you come over here to spectate; you
come over here to see what's going on.
But I don't believe you're here just for
your own self.
You're here because you feel that
prick on the inside of you to keep
sticking around.
But God commendeth his love toward us in
that while we were yet sinners, Christ
died for us.
Romans 5:8.
But God
commendeth
his love
toward us.
Steadfast.
That's beautiful. Leave
it back.
That's a good scripture, son. I like
that. Thank you for that.
His love toward us and that while we
were yet sinners, Christ died for us.
He died for you. He died for me.
While we were yet sinners,
we are saved
by grace. He loves every single
one of you. But tonight, I have to ask
you, do you know him?
It's so important that you do
and all the signs of the times, all the
things that are going around us that
like the frog in the pot, the
water's
heating up and the frog
doesn't
know it. It's getting accustomed
to the water until it's boiled alive.
I want to ask you tonight, if you
were to die tonight, where would you
spend eternity?
That's the most important thing you can
do in your life
is make sure that you're born again;
that you've asked Jesus Christ to be
your Lord and personal Savior; that
you ask him to forgive you of your
sins. Do all the things you need to do
to get right with the Lord because you
do not know the day you leave this
earth.
It's appointed unto man once to die and
after that the judgment. But
nobody really truly knows. I mean
there's a lot of people—we all believe
that in Psalm 91 that with long life he
will satisfy us.
I believe it with all my
heart. With long life,
I
believe that. But Father,
I've seen people go home early.
I've seen people leave and they didn't
think they were going that day.
No one's promised tomorrow.
And I'm gonna tell you this:
if you don't have Jesus Christ as your
Lord and personal Savior, you're making
the biggest mistake you got. Because I'm telling
you, to be absent from the body is to be
present with the Lord or you're in hell.
Don't gamble with your
eternity.
You must be born again. Unless a man is
born again, he cannot enter into the
kingdom of God.
Or woman.
So tonight, I have to ask you: Do you
know my friend?
He's waiting patiently.
He's knocking on the door of your heart.
And there's so many of you that have
gotten weary and well-doing, gotten mad at
the church. You don't go to church
anymore; you're backsliding.
You don't know—if I was to die tonight, I
don't know if he knows me anymore or
not. I know I used to have a
relationship with him a long time ago,
but in the course of time, I've become
lukewarm. And not even that, I'm cold.
Brandon,
but tonight I want to make sure I'm all
in.
Will you please pray for me? And I want
to say a simple prayer for you,
and I want you to repeat this prayer
after me.
It's
simple;
a five-year-old could do it.
But you got to get rid of yourself, and
you got to get right with God. And you got to
say, 'Listen, I realize I'm messed up. I
realize I need a savior. I know that I
need to ask Jesus to forgive
me.'And
tonight's my night. I'm coming home. I'm
not running anymore.
So, I'm going to say this simple prayer
and I want you to repeat after me, but I
want you to put in the comment section
tonight, 'I want to be saved.
I want to go all in with Jesus. I want
to sell out tonight. I want to get my
life right.
Tonight's my night.'Brandon, will you
please pray for me?
I don't want to live this way
anymore.
So, I'm going to say it. Say, 'Jesus,
I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me with your precious
blood.
Jesus, I'm a sinner
and I need help.
I can't do this anymore.
I turn my back on the world tonight,
Lord.
I turn my back on my sin and what I used to
be doing. I turn my back on the devil.
And from this day forward, Lord,
I dedicate my life to you.
I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third
day.
I believe that you're seated at
the right hand of the Father making
intercession for me.
Thank you, Lord, that I am no longer
the devil's property. I don't belong
to the devil; I belong to you.
I'm sold out to you now.
I'm your son. I'm your daughter.
I thank you that you write my name in
the Lamb's book of life.
Come into me. Flood me.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm made new
from this day
forward.'Lord,
if I was to die, I'll be with you in
paradise.
Thank you, Lord, that you love me. Thank
you, Lord, that you have forgiven me.
And thank you, Lord, that today I have a
fresh, clean start
in Jesus'mighty name. Amen and amen.
It's very simple.
I believe with all my heart you just got
born again because you confessed Him.
You believe with your heart, and I
believe that's what it takes because
that's what the Bible
says.
Romans 10,
verses
10 and 17,
says,
"For with the heart man believeth unto
righteousness and with the mouth confession
is
made unto
salvation."So
we believe with our heart and we
confess it out of our mouth. I
believe with all my heart you're born
again, and that's what you just did.
Romans
chapter 10, verses 10
through 17,
says,
"For the scripture says, 'Whoever
believeth on him shall not be ashamed.
For there is no difference between the
Jew and the Greek, for the same Lord
over all is rich unto all
that call upon him. For whosoever shall
call upon the name of the Lord shall be
saved.'"That's
beautiful. I love it.
So if you just did that and you said
that, I believe with all my
heart you're born again. So what do you
do now? You go to a Bible-believing
church. I'd go to a non-denominational
church. Tell that pastor, "I need to be
water-baptized."Get
water baptized. Get
plugged into the church. Go Wednesdays,
go Sundays, go whenever they have the
doors open. Go to prayer. Get
plugged in. You may have to meet some
new friends. You can invite your old
friends
to come with you and say,
"Listen, come to church with me."But I
wouldn't hang around people that were
always sinning, whom you were partying
with, unless they want to
follow Jesus with you because they'll
pull you back in the pigpen. Don't allow
them to pull you back in the
pigpen.
Make different choices. Invite them to
come with you, and if they don't want to, you've got
to find
some new friends. You
have
to read your Bible every
day and let the word of God change
you from the inside out. Do you have a
Bible? If you don't, my wife and I will
buy you your first Bible for free. All
you have to do is email us in the
description down below and say, "I just
got born again."In the headline, 'I got
born again. Could you buy me my
first Bible?'If you're in the United
States—in
the
military and all things like
that—we
can do that right now in America. So, if you
live in America, we'll send you a Bible.
We'll do it absolutely for free. We just
want to say congratulations. We're never
going to solicit you or ask you for
anything other than just, 'Hey, welcome to
the family.'We're excited you got born again, and we're excited you're
a
part of it. Please like, subscribe, and click
the notification bell. Come and pray
with us all the time. We're here
usually five days a week. I
try to do more, but sometimes not. It
just depends on what we've got going on,
but we make an attempt to do videos a
lot. So,
61 people gave their heart to Jesus
Christ tonight. Welcome to the family.
I'm so excited for all 61 of you.
It
is amazing that there are so many
people getting born again and coming
to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus
Christ and giving him your all.
61 people tonight. Isn't that wonderful,
Braden?
That's exciting.
Yeah,
all 61 of you, welcome to the family.
Welcome to the kingdom of God. We love
you. We're praying for you. We're
excited to see you here.
Find a local church.
If you
live in an area, look
around for a non-denominational church. There are a
lot of good ones, but
we'll pray over things real quick.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for your hand
on this
livestream.
I thank you, Father, that you've raised
us up for such a time as this.
Thank you, Father, that you've never
given up on any of us. We keep
pushing and seeking you.
When we fall down and we
skin our knees, we pick ourselves back up.
We seek you daily, not just on Sundays.
And Father, in that, I know that we'll
have a relationship with you, and
you will show us the
secret things.
Thank you, Lord. That's amazing.
We
thank you, Father,
that you protect President Trump. Yeah,
the Lord's not done tonight, y'all. I'm
sorry. I know I talked really late, but
you can leave if you need to.
There's more here.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for
President Trump right now and the
decisions he's going to make in the next
hours—the
decisions he's making.
It's right here.
I see the decision
concerning Cuba.
It's rice-paper thin.
And when this happens,
the door and the floodgates for
investment opportunity will
open.
What I'm seeing concerning Cuba and the
people, there's going to be an
agreement
to bless the
Cuban people
for a new stability across the land.
All over that island, stability
is
coming.
New revival's coming. An excitement's
coming in the air. A freshness is
coming. That witchcraft spirit's being
broken off and lifted off that island.
And I see the glory of the Lord coming
with fresh growth,
a
fresh fountain of growth,
and
a fresh soil of growth,
with demonstrations and manifestations
of the glory of God.
We believe, Lord.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it will
be an
opportune time
for seeing the greatest move of God
we've ever seen all throughout South
America.
Father, there'll be
hundreds of millions of people come to
the saving knowledge of Jesus Christ,
just in South America alone.
Father, I thank you. I don't know what
the population of South America is, but
I believe it would be that we
could say all of them are saved.
Wouldn't that be amazing to say
all of South America came to the saving
knowledge of Jesus Christ
and the Caribbean?
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I believe, Father, that you're
protecting President Trump, that he
takes no counsel from the ungodly, and that
you bless Marco Rubio. There are 440
million people.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for Marco
Rubio. We pray over Marco Rubio right
now in the name of Jesus that he has
wisdom
over our special ops, our
Navy SEALs. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that you protect them right now in the
name of Jesus.
We lift them up before you that there
are
angels of the Lord camped all around and
about them
in
Jesus'name.
Father, your hand is not
short;
you will protect and you will defend,
for there are more with us than there
are with them.
We pray a hedge of blood all around and
about our troops tonight in the name of
Jesus. All our special ops
and
military men and women, I pray over
them in the name of Jesus, over our
helicopters, over our stealth
helicopters, and our stealth boats. I pray
in the name of Jesus over our
interceptors.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
that when they go to
liberate,
there is nothing holding back.
There'll be great judgment
throughout that land in the name of
Jesus. All over that,
the Castros, their
lineage, and their dictatorship
will be broken off of them. Those evil
men, those dictators, will be removed
once and for all, and they'll put in a
great leader of integrity and godly
character.
I thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus
this happens. Now we call it done in
the name of Jesus. We're calling this
done. Wow. What is that?
For
I see these two clouds coming up out of
this. It looks like one of those—it's not a stethoscope. A periscope, like one
of
those submarines,
is
coming out of the water.
It's a black submarine.
I see these two streaks
coming out of it that look like clouds.
Clouds are coming up out of
this
submarine, and there are two of them. There
are
two of these clouds coming up
out of the submarine
and they're going into the sky.
Two clouds.
They look like chemtrails.
These chemtrails are coming up out of
this
submarine and this scope,
and the scope is looking towards Cuba.
These two clouds are coming up out
of this in the day, and I see
black
clouds.
It's in between
Florida and the island. It's right by
Florida, Key West.
I hear, 'Pray
for accuracy
in
what they're looking
at.'Pray.
Okay,
a double,
a falseness of a man
that looks like a clone.
He is a body double. The Lord said
a body double
is
there to look at the right man,
for a body double would try to confuse
looking at the right man.
I see a man that looks just like the
man,
and he is a decoy.
Do not follow the decoy. Follow the
right man.
And there's a boat that's on the back
side
of the island. There's a boat
like a speedboat
going to the
Dominican
Republic.
It's an island that's divided;
there's a line. I see this line. I see a
part of this land is over here and part
is over here, but there's a line
going up dividing the island.
It's a line,
and it looks like a red line.
The man's trying to go in the boat
to this other place, and it's refuge
there to get a place to fly out.
Okay, there's great coke
money—coke
money
on this. I see pallets of $100 bills.
I see pallets of $100 bills in the boat.
I see pallets of big money, cartel
money.
The
decoy is to distract from the real one;
they're looking at the decoy.
I keep hearing, 'They're looking at a
decoy.'This
one man is
looking at a decoy.
I hear reconnaissance. The
reconnaissance.
He wants to go to
Colombia
for refuge.
He wants to go to Colombia for refuge.
I see a trail that goes from there to
there. And I see a place with
provision.
It looks like a
compound.
Harboring—when
you harbor somebody.
In the vision, I see
Hitler,
but I see
South America and I see the same
type of shadow. When you think this is
him, this is not him; this is another. And there
are Nazis
down
here, and I see a train going down to
South America, but what I see is another
train trying to copycat. It's
the same thing;
it's like a copycat.
But as this is, it's
to disintegrate the body
by very hot fire.
When you try to cover the evidence,
it's like you have bones;
whenever you find the
fragments, you say, 'Well, they
disintegrated.'When
you burn the body in
a
very hot flame,
the body also disintegrates. I just
pray for a peaceful takeover.
Lay down your arms
and let the Cuban
people have peace. There
is
a demon behind this man,
and inside,
it's making his face morph.
His nose is becoming flat with his
mouth, and it's morphing his face and his
chin by pushing it out. I see this
morphing of this demonic spirit that
is
making him morph.
His face is becoming unlike
a man's;
it's like it's shapeshifting,
making his face change.
This is through demonic practice
and
occultic
things. I see candles,
blood,
and
bowls.
In these bowls and candles, I
see a picture of a face—it's Donald
Trump's face
in a frame. On this
altar, there's a
frame,
and in these two bowls, there's blood.
I see a dead chicken,
and in this dead chicken, I see them
draining the blood into a bowl. They
have
Donald Trump's face on a
picture in a frame on this altar, and
the
man who is over that island is
performing
this practice with these candles
and knives
on a stone
altar.
I see President
Trump's
photo.
When he's doing this, his
face is morphing.
He's doing something in
what
looks like a
stone
cavern.
I see this practice
on this altar, and his face is
morphing as he performs this ritual. His
face looks like he turned into a dog;
his nose, his eyes, everything is
shifting.
There's another man standing
beside him who is older
and wearing a black gown
with jewels
on
it—they're
rubies,
diamonds,
and embroidery.
And the Lord said, 'Now you see the
darkness that is behind this
man.'But
the church of Cuba
is praying for liberation,
and your day of liberation has come:
a shaking of this
nation.
It's time for you to celebrate the
glory today.
What's interesting is, as he did this,
he lifted up something and it's
actually levitating.
He's levitating this
crown-looking
thing and he's trying to
levitate this thing, and there's a demon in
there with this practice, and they're
trying to come against Trump.
Father, we thank you everything is
protected over our Trump.
Thank you, Lord, that you sustain his
life, over his health, over his veins
and his body, his knees, his blood,
his organs, over his marriage.
Yeah, it's a cultic thing coming
against him.
Do you understand the church's position
to pray for this man?
We must pray for President Trump and his
sons
and his daughters too. You pray for
his family, a protection around and
about them.
Every hex,
that
President Trump doesn't open the doors—we
shut the
doors,
we give no place to
the evil. A curse without a cause cannot
stand.
We plead the blood over President Trump
and all around his family today, Father,
that he'd be more wise on who he allows
to
talk to him.
We thank you, Lord, that there's a grace
over him today.
President Trump, Father, we bless him.
We thank you, Lord.
And in this, I see blue lights.
I see blue lights that look like
beautiful
sapphires,
but they're the size of a
pinhead,
and they're shining up through this
light.
There's a treasury vault in this that
has gold coins and gold things and the
plunder of Cuba.
The plunder of Cuba.
The wealth of the sinner is going to be
laid up for you.
A change of things.
I see vaults full of gold coins.
I see these gold coins
all inside this underground place
where
they're doing this ritual.
There's gold bars. There's gold
coins.
They're
all like ounce gold coins. They're all
inside this thing that looks like a
vault.
It's all in there. And it's inside
of this, underneath in the mountain area.
It's carved,
and there's gold in
there. Actual gold,
and there's lights on it.
parody.
We thank you, Lord, for our president. We
thank you, Lord, that your angels watch
over him. They will bear him up in their
hands lest he dash his foot
against a stone. We thank you, Lord, for
the angel of the Lord camped around
President Trump, around his children,
around his grandchildren. Father,
we shut the door. We
apply the blood over the doors. We apply
the blood over the doors that the angel
of death will pass by. It will not touch
them in the name of Jesus.
Oh, we thank you, Lord.
Yeah,
this is weird. I see
people associated with that man
who
have deer horns on their
heads.
And the Lord says He's
liberating—liberating
even from the darkest of
the witchcraft over this nation. The
Lord
says
He's bringing the glory. And I see at
the edge of the water base
what was black and white is turning
green.
I see aqua
beautiful colors from the ocean, but at
the edge, the island had a
covering like a transparent blanket.
As I see these leaders of the occult
and these things being dealt with in the
spirit realm, I see a veil being
lifted off of the island that was
once gray and black like soot being
ripped off. And I see green life with
vibrant colors of green
starting
at the water's edge and coming up
on the island. It's like
you're lifting up
a sheet,
like you have a Kleenex. That
is the
way I see
it.
And
as this is on the island
like a sheet,
I see it being lifted up by the fingers
and
the hand of God lifting this
up—this
satanic thing and getting rid of it.
It's the occult, and all of a
sudden there springs forth anew what was a
covering of witchcraft
being removed. The Lord said, 'I
will
bring liberty to the people of Cuba,
and a great
revival
is
coming.'It's
a pioneer work.
Who will just say yes?
The harvest is plentiful and laborers
are few. for
parades!
It'll be shock and
awe, the world's
shock and awe.
He has to make the decision
again. I hear he's in the valley of
decision
concerning what he's going to do.
The valley of decision.
Many are
there.
He's making
back-to-back
major decisions,
and he's still dealing with Iran. He's
still dealing with this, and that's why
we pray for him—that he takes no
counsel from the ungodly and that he puts
people of prayer around him.
Thank you, Lord, that he's hearing you
in the midnight hour. He hears You,
Father. President Trump hears You,
Father.
We praise You, Father, that
You're speaking to President Trump.
You speak to President Trump and
he'll make the right choices.
You show him the secret things.
We pray over Don
Jr. We say in the name of Jesus, no
weapon formed against your life will
prosper. We pray over
Tiffany, Ivanka,
Barron, and Eric. We
say in the name of Jesus, the hedge
and
the hand of the Lord is upon you.
The Lord protect him. The angels of the Lord are
camped
around and
about that family and over
the
president's wife. We thank you, Lord,
that she's
protected.
Even when we
were talking about Taiwan,
they're going to try to do a shock and
awe just like Venezuela.
They're going to try to do something
stealthy just like Venezuela.
But see, they have confusion in their
camp
because they're dealing with a reprobate
mind.
They serve Buddha.
We thank you, Lord, that you protect
Taiwan, South Korea,
Japan, and Australia.
You protect our allies.
Australia will not stand for it. They'll
say, 'No, we're not going to allow this
to
happen.'We
don't want a World War III
in this area.
I see such a great escalation of war.
I see a major world war right
now. Again, I see it;
I see a major world war.
What is the
island depth
at the greatest point?
I see it being measured this way
from Havana, and I see
the
length and depth of this island
being measured by the hand of the Lord.
I see the Lord's hand, and
he's measuring it. I know he's
measuring because it looks like a
tape measure, but not what
you'd measure boards with. It's what you
would measure
body
fat with, like
one of those plastic tape measures.
It looks like he's stretching
it over the island
for the length and
the depth,
and he's measuring it.
The green is all over it, but he's
measuring this.
Do you have the measurements?
780 miles long?
700. So it's about a thousand miles.
And then
130 miles across.
This is interesting.
I see an amusement park
with roller coasters. I see
an amusement park with
a metal roller coaster. It's not a
wood roller coaster, but a metal
one.
It looks
similar to SeaWorld.
It looks like a SeaWorld
of the Caribbean,
like a resort.
I see Ford trucks, Ford automobiles.
You know those big Ford signs that are
glowing like neon signs? It has 'Ford'across
it in
blue and white
letters.
This is what I see at a dealership
there:
a Ford
truck
and car
dealership. On the front,
I see cars. It
is
clear. It is a very clear
ford.
There
is
a lot of gangs there. I see a
lot of gangs:
people like drug lords and they
are
almost like pimps
for trafficking.
But you know, when you bring in the
law
and you start busting all these people,
they actually
make stability, a law
and order,
a cleaning of the house.
And
I see new churches;
I see mega
churches full of people.
They have metal buildings.
These
look like metal
buildings; they are not
like brick and stucco.
We thank you, Lord,
for a major move
of the presence of the Lord on Cuba,
that you liberate
the island from
this dictator.
You liberate these people and you shake
the nation, and a great revival and
economic growth will come
for blessing on Cuba
in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you have in
store. Thank you, Lord, that you help
Rubio, for he will slay his
tens of thousands. David will
slay
his
tens of thousands and Saul has his
thousands, but Marco
Rubio will slay his tens of thousands.
And great blessing on
this, Father. I thank
you, Lord, that the people of Cuba will
know the day of liberation and it is at
hand in the name of Jesus, and a great
economic
turnaround will come to the land in
Jesus'name
and the people will not
suffer anymore.
Oh Father, we thank you, Lord,
for all
that you have in store, that you give
President Trump wisdom. You have given
wisdom in the name of Jesus on when to
do it, what to do, and a supernatural
flow will flow through him too. We give
you praise, Father. Father, we thank you, Lord,
for
Iran. Father, we will win.
It will be a quick thing. And Father,
they'll find the weapons of mass
destruction underneath the land,
underneath that
mountain. And Father, they'll
exterminate them and get rid of them.
And Father, we pray over that prince
that he'll make it. And Father, that
he'll be able to lead and bring
stability for a window of great revival
all across Iran
and a
great window of glory, a window
of your presence flows throughout Iran.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for Taiwan
is protected. We bring, Father, your
angels over Taiwan and over the church.
And Father, we thank you, Lord,
for liberating North Korea, a shaking
over North Korea, Father. And that Kim
Jong-un will be removed by your hand. By
your hand, in
Jesus'name.
You don't even have to be in a war
because
the guy's crazy,
but Father, you'll remove him just like
you removed Pharaoh. You'll
deal with him. Father, I thank you,
Lord. Father,
you'll deal with Kim Jong-un,
and the people of North Korea will see
a
great revival. You dealt the smack out
of them. And I believe, Father,
that
you'll liberate the people
even in North Korea.
I believe, Lord,
that North Korea is about to
have a major revival
in
Jesus'name.
And Father, I thank you, Lord. Then the
end will come.
Father, we give you praise for it.
North Korea, Father,
the
little Kim is dealt with by your
hand.
North Korea is dealt with by your hand.
Even his family members, the dynasty is
over. We call
liberation to North Korea. The dynasty is over in Jesus'name. It is over. We call
the stronghold broken in
Jesus'name
over North Korea, and a
great mighty wave of the presence of God.
A major wave will come in a war
in the spirit realm concerning
the principalities over that area.
There will be angelic aid and
assistance going forth over North Korea
in Jesus'name, liberating the people.
We call it done. We call it
so. We thank you, Lord. We call
over Taiwan: delivered in
Jesus'name.
Taiwan is delivered in
Jesus'name
from the hand of China taking it over
for a surprise attack at night.
Thank you, Lord.
They'll stay free.
We call it done in
Jesus'name.
We call the
blessing over our nation. We call it in
over President Trump. We call it in, in
Jesus'name,
that you give us a time, you
give us this window of opportunity.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. We
give you all praise. We give
you all glory. We call it done in
Jesus'name.
Father, we give you praise and
glory in Jesus'name, that the windows
of heaven are open over us, that the
blessing is on our nation, that
President Trump lives long and
finishes
strong. He'll finish his race.
And Father, I thank you,
Lord, for a red wave concerning our
midterms and no distractions coming in
the fall or the summer, or over
this spring. No distractions over this
nation. We call the activated terror
cells and the activated cells to be
uncovered by the FBI, to be uncovered by
Homeland Security. And the parades
tomorrow and the celebrations for St.
Patrick's Day, we call, Father, an
uncovering of all darkness, that we
would see it on the news that every
plot, every plan of any kind of attack
on this land, Father, is uncovered in
Jesus'name.
We will not have it. There
will
be times of peace in Jesus'name over
America. Father, for a great revival,
that there will be no terrorist
attacks tomorrow, especially on St.
Patrick's Day when everybody's having
parties and stuff. Father,
they'll get radically born
again. Something is going to shake this
nation, but I believe,
Father, that it's about revival now.
You shake it. These terrorists are going
to be found in
Jesus'name.
It's time for them to be uncovered,
every single one of them,
all around America.
We give you praise and glory in the name
of Jesus. We thank you, Lord, in
Jesus'name.
We're calling
those things that be not as though they
were in Jesus'name. Amen and amen.
We believe it. Do you believe it? You
receive it. We call on those things.
I waited so long and the
anointing hit at the very last; I
could feel it when it hit me. I
was waiting on it that whole time and it
was
dry, and finally I hit the
river—it's
like finally hitting a vein.
You hit it when you get an IV in and
you go, 'Oh, they got
it.'Okay,
what's going on? When
it's
5.5,
do
you see it? He's shaking the land.
We're praying. Hallelujah. Father,
that's the beginning; it's the shaking
of the nation.
Do you see how close that line is on
the Dominican Republic? It divides
a
land. That's where his getaway is. You see it? Dominican Republic—that's where his
getaway is
right there.
He goes out of there and he has a
boat and he goes in that place, and
there's going
to be a plane that's like a private jet.
He has pallets of money and that man
goes from there to go to Claudia
Scheinbaum.
He's trying to find a place to hide
and I kept seeing
Hitler
and
his
cremation.
I saw something so hot
that it burns even the bones.
There's something so dark to burn
even the bones.
He has a
double—a
fake one
trying to be like him to throw off
people, saying he's over here, but he
wasn't. The double is
not real.
I saw somebody trying to pretend to be
him,
but it would be really hard to copy
somebody with that big of a nose.
They'd have to have a
makeup artist.
They have those
masks.
Mask.
Whatever it is to make
his nose; when he was
practicing witchcraft,
his face would morph.
Incredible. That
man is
evil.
And that's a periscope,
a
submarine
in the water.
I saw it in the water, and
it looked up, and all of a sudden
I saw
it.
Thank you, Lord.
Probably because all our boats are over
in Iran.
Just saying.
All our boats are in Iran. I don't know
how many boats we have left,
but a lot of our boats are in Iran.
Thank you, Father.
All good things are coming to the island
of Cuba. I believe it.
I saw that being ripped off, and
I saw people with these stupid deer
horns. They had a thing wrapped
around their head with deer horns on
them.
It was weird.
They had this mask on and they
looked like something weird.
I don't know what they were doing.
It was weird
clothes;
they
looked like a witch doctor,
like voodoo.
It looked like somebody out of voodoo.
But the Lord says He is removing the
witchcraft; He's
going to give them... it's like a veil,
and the glory of the Lord is coming. I'm
telling you, ladies and gentlemen, a
major revival is coming to Cuba.
I believe it. What I see, I
saw roller coasters coming.
I saw amusement parks.
How far is Cuba from the Dominican
Republic?
How far of a boat ride is that?
100 miles, 200 miles?
That's a lot. It probably looks like a long
way;
400 miles
is
a long boat ride.
But I saw a speedboat; I saw a
boat that
was moving out over the water and it
was bouncing, and I saw it headed toward
that direction. I
could
understand if you didn't want
to fly out because we'd probably shoot
the
plane down or something, maybe.
You know,
anybody trying to fly out with a private
jet.
But there was tons of money on this
boat.
I'm talking stacks of $100 bills on a
pallet that was massive, and they're all
like this.
I heard coke money,
drug money; I'm
talking pallets full of money.
Big bucks.
It wasn't just a couple of pallets; I saw
two pallets, but they were full of money.
$100 bills.
I don't know how much money that would be;
probably a couple hundred million.
It was a lot of money on that boat.
And then there were vaults of gold.
I saw tons of gold
in these caves. It was
like in a cave, and I could see gold
coins in these
chests.
It was full,
and some
diamonds and some kind of
special stones, but it was mainly just
gold coins, like
one
ounce.
They're round little things and some
bars, but they weren't the big bars. They
looked like little bars,
and
they
were
all inside of it. I could
see it inside. And they were
stacked up
inside of a carving of
the side of the mountain. It looked
like it was carved and it was
like a vault
inside of it with gold.
Lots of gold.
Very interesting.
When you get in that river and you flow
and you get the Lord, I started seeing stuff.
It's very interesting.
Thank you, Lord.
I forget that I'm even live
sometimes, you know? I'm just
coming out of
looking at things and you go, "Wow,
whatever. Lord, he's got us.
He's going to protect us."I'm excited
for the Cuban people.
I think it's neat.
They deserve it. They've been underneath
a
bad thing.
Well,
praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me tonight.
There's so many of you. I know it's
late,
wee hours of the morning now,
but
yeah, I guess that's the
range,
right?
So it's 400 miles
from there to there, I guess.
Interesting.
But why would he go there instead of
Jamaica? I wonder
how far Jamaica looks. Jamaica looks
closer, doesn't it? Yeah, it is closer,
isn't it?
But I saw him in a boat trying to go to
the
Dominican.
There's a lot more corruption in
the
Dominican, I can tell you that, than
there is in
Jamaica.
90.
So
Cuba and Jamaica are
relatively close to each other.
But why wouldn't he go to Jamaica? I
don't know.
Why would he go 400 miles to the Dominican?
That's interesting to
me. Isn't that interesting?
And it wasn't by plane.
It was a boat.
It
was a speedboat, but
it had
tons of money on it.
It looked like it was
two.
You'd
think both would be a target
regardless if it was a little plane, a
jet, like a drug
smuggler jet.
Well, if you had a double
though, I guess.
Because
the double was gone.
They're
trying to get rid of the
double. And the Lord said, "Pray
for them to hit the right
target."If
he sneaks out,
the Lord said, "Pray for the right
target.
Don't get distracted with the wrong
target."Remember
what he said in the prayer.
Yes.
So that's what we pray
and we believe today, every single one
of you with me today,
that Cuba will be liberated and
everything will be okay. God bless you
all. Thank you for joining us again
tonight. We really appreciate you being
here.
That's it.
Put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love
you. God bless you and we'll see you
again tomorrow. Bye-bye.